In this video, we're going to have a look at how you can use smart rewrites with comments to date your
code automatically.
You'll be solely using the tab completion feature of cursor in this video.
The Tab feature allows you to automatically fix broken code and also generate more code directly by
using things like comments, descriptive class names, and descriptive function names.
Let's go through a couple of examples together of how you can use the tab completion feature.
And then you can have a go on your own time.
All of the files for this are inside of Udemy and also inside of the GitHub repository, so feel free
to download those before starting.
So you can see here we've got this.
Rewrite this function using a list comprehension.
And let's see what cursor decides to do with this.
So I'm going to go into this.
And then you can see here we've got the return statement.
And then if I keep tabbing and then tabbing as well, it's just removing all that additional code.
And we can see we've got this one here.
You could even add on things like the Pylint errors.
And you could put that as a comment.
And then what it will do is it will add a docstring for you and then that will remove that as well.
You can even take different types of things that you're finding inside of your coding editor.
Throw those into Python comments and those will be fixed.
So have a look at this.
We want to multiply this by number by two.
And then if we have a look at the person name age we also are now able to do that.
Rewrite this class using data structures.
So we need to do a lambda function for this.
So I could get rid of this.
And then I could even do something like this.
So I would normally do these above.
So I would say like def and then we'll do multiply by two is equal to.
And then you've got the lambda there.
So sometimes you do need to prompt these things.
They don't work directly out of the box.
And you can see this class needs to be written as a data class.
So again I would probably just do this.
And then you can see here it's decided to update these practice tab completion.
Go and finish all of the rest of the functions inside of this file.
Also, if you want to see all of the completed suggestions, have a look in smart rewrites completed.
Good luck and I'll see you in the next one.